# Case-Study-Notebooks
[Business Case: Netflix - Data Exploration and Visualisation](https://github.com/keshavmot/Case-Study-Notebooks/blob/main/Netflix_CaseStudy_KeshavMot.ipynb)
Analyzed the data and extracted valuable insights to assist a popular online streaming platform in making informed decisions on content production and business expansion. Specific areas of interest included understanding the content landscape in different countries, tracking the evolution of movie releases over the past few decades, comparing TV shows and movies, determining optimal launch times, and examining the influence of actors and directors on the success of shows and movies. Using python libraries like pandas, numpy, matplotlib and seaborn.

[Business Case: Aerofit - Descriptive Statistics & Probability](https://github.com/keshavmot/Case-Study-Notebooks/blob/main/CaseStudy_Aerofit_KeshavMot.ipynb)
The market research team endeavored to conduct descriptive analytics with the objective of developing comprehensive customer profiles for each treadmill product for a fitness equipment company. The primary focus was on exploring potential variations in customer characteristics, including age, gender, education, marital status, usage patterns, income, self-rated fitness, and anticipated weekly miles. Using python libraries for creating two-way contingency tables and computing all conditional and marginal probabilities along with their insights/impact on the business.

[Business Case: Walmart - CLT & Confidence Interval](https://github.com/keshavmot/Case-Study-Notebooks/blob/main/CaseStudy_Walmart_KeshavMot.ipynb)
A supermarket chain wants to analyze customer purchase behavior, specifically the purchase amount, against the customer's gender and additional factors. The primary question is whether there are disparities in spending habits between male and female customers during Black Friday. Performing basic data processing & visual analysis on the Dataset which contain over 500K+ rows, and using the Central limit theorem to compute the confidence interval where average population lies.

[Business Case: Rental Bikes - Hypothesis Testing](https://github.com/keshavmot/Case-Study-Notebooks/blob/main/CaseStudy_Yulu_KeshavMot.ipynb)
Yulu, a micro-mobility service provider in India, seeks to understand factors influencing the demand for its shared electric cycles. Using a dataset with bike usage, weather conditions, and other relevant factors, the research involves creating tests to assess hypotheses and checking assumptions through graphical and statistical methods. The goal is to identify variables that are significant in predictive understanding of electric cycle demand, for service optimization.
